SCRIPT ID: manual-05
TITLE: Test Spending vs. Budget with Valid Inputs
PRECONDITION (S):
    The app has been initialized successfully and the frontend is working and open
    Automatic Pytest tests have been executed and all pass
    Tests manual-01 through manual-04 have been conducted and all meet expected results
    The database has been cleared and reset from any previous instances of Pocket Money
STEPS:
    1. Navigate to the "Spending Chart" page
        Expected Result: No chart is displayed and the window says "Budget vs spending chart"
    2. Navigate to the "Monthly Setup" page and log the following: 
        Food, $400
        Rent, $750
        Expected Result: These 2 categories as well as the correct amounts for each one show up on the Dashboard.
    3. Navigate back to the spending chart page (Test case: Spent = 0)
        Expected result: A bar graph appears in the center of the screen labeled "Budget vs spending". In the top left
                        corner, there are 3 labels listed: "spent within budget", which is green, "remaining budget" which 
                        is gray and "overspent" which is red.
                        Two categories are labeled on the x axis, food and rent. ON the y axis, amounts are labeled in ticks.
                        There should be two gray bars, one for food and one for rent. The food bar should be the height of 400
                        on the y axis and the rent bar should be the height of 750 on the y axis. Overlaid on the food bar is "$400.00"
                        and on the rent bar "$200.00".
    4. Navigate to the log purchase page and log two purchases: "Pet fee" for the rent category for $100 and "Dinner at Cucinella's"
        for the food category for $50.
        Expected result: After each addition, user is redirected to the Dashboard and the previously added purchase shows up.
    5. Navigate to the spending chart page. (Test case: Spent < Budget)
        Expected result: The graph appears in the same place with the same categories, x axis labels and y axis labels.
                        However, now each category is divided into a gray AND a green part. The green part should begin at the 
                        base of the graph and extend upwards, with the gray portion on top. For the Food category, "$50.00" appears
                        on the green portion and "$350.00" appears on the gray portion. For the rent category, "$100.00 appears on the
                        green portion and "$650.00" on the gray portion.
    6. Navigate to the log purchase page and log two purchases: "Rent" for the rent category for $650 and "Groceries" for the food
        category for $350.
        Expected result: After each addition, user is redirected to the Dashboard and the previously added purchase shows up.
    7.  Navigate to the spending chart page. (Test case: Spent = Budget)
        Expected result: The graph appears in the same place with the same categories, x axis labels and y axis labels.
                        However, now each category bar is completely green. The bars are the same height as they were for the past
                        two tests. On the food category is "$400.00" and on the rent category is "$750.00".
    8. Navigate to the log purchase page and log two purchases: "Extra" for the rent category for $100 and "Extra" for the food
        category for $100.
        Expected result: After each addition, user is redirected to the Dashboard and the previously added purchase shows up.
    9. Navigate to the spending chart page. (Test case: Spent > Budget)
        Expected result: The graph appears in the same place with the same categories, x axis labels and y axis labels.
                        However, now each category bar has a green and a red portion. The bars have increased in height by 100 each.
                        The height that the bars were originally at is fully green and the "extra" 100 on each is red.
                        On the food category is "$400.00" on the green part and on the rent category is "$750.00" on the green part.
                        Above each green part should be the red part and should say "+$100.00".
    10. End the test by clicking monthly reset and CTRL C in the terminal.
